我是文案
1、	大幅广告
  Computer @nd Comity
  一个专注技术，分享知识，提供技术服务的团队
We are in CUHK(SZ).
  Computer @nd Comity</br>  
We focus on Information technology, share computer science knowledge, provide IT services. </br>  
We are in CUHK(SZ). 
2、	展示框
    C@C活动剪影
    与您一同分享的精彩瞬间
    C@C Moments
    What we are going to share with you is everything.
3、	协会愿景
与有关公司达成合作，</br>为同学们带来最新的计算机相关资讯</br>
开发校内社团公共平台，</br>为各社团提供相关基础服务</br>
与学校相关部门合作，</br>为校园营造更良好的IT服务环境</br>
Our Visions
Reach corporation relationships with related companies and provide students with the latest news on computer science </br>
Develop public platform for school communities and offer several fundamental services </br>
Cooperate with related departments in our school and cultivate better IT services environment on the campus </br>
4、页眉修改
关于我们
活动专栏
赛事专区
会员专区
加入我们
HOME 
ABOUT C@C
EVENTS
CONTESTS
MEMBERSHIP
JOIN US
5、社团简介
Computer @nd Comity is a vibrant association, which aims at promoting IT technology, populating computer science and providing access to learning information technology to every student. In our association, students can harvest abundant technological knowledge, learn many practical skills, experience happiness of teamwork and friendship. We hope that our association can help students realize the importance of information technology and develop a special expertise in the field of computer science. Hopefully, the outstanding achievements of our members in many computer science competitions can witness the progress of the association. As the first academic association in CUHK (SZ), our progress may greatly enhance the reputation of our university in related areas.
Computer @nd Comity 是一个充满活力的社团组织。我们旨在推广信息技术文化，普及计算机科学的相关知识，为同学们提供信息技术的有关服务。在社团活动中，同学们可以收获丰富的计算机科学知识，学习许多实用的技术本领，同时获得珍贵的友谊。随着时代的发展，信息技术正发挥着愈来愈重要的作用。我们希望，协会能帮助同学们认识到计算机科学的重要性，并提高相关技术本领。我们相信，协会全体成员的共同努力将推动社团的发展。作为港中大（深圳）的第一个学术性社团，我们希望协会的进步能够帮助学校提高其在相关专业领域的声誉。
6. 活动介绍
   Lecture
We will invite prestigious professors to deliver speeches on the latest topics and help students solve related problems. We will also try to invite executives from some famous science and technology cooperations to introduce their cutting-edge and fashionable technologies.
讲座
我们将邀请学校的知名教授以及来自各大科技公司的著名专家定期给同学们开展讲座，普及有关计算机科学的知识，并给大家介绍当下最热门的技术。同时，我们认为，这些经验丰富的专家学者能为同学们提供最权威的技术指导。
Event
We plan to hold various events with the support of some science and technology corporations. We aim at delivering the latest IT news, spreading computer science knowledge and cultivating IT environment among students. And we hope that the application of computer science can become a popular trend in our school.
活动
我们希望获得有关科技公司的支持，为同学们举办各种与计算机科学相关的活动，传递当下热门的IT资讯，普及计算机科学知识。我们衷心希望，能在校园里营造一种学习信息技术的氛围，让计算机科学的应用成为一种潮流。
Seminar
We plan to develop a kind of regular activity in the form of seminars. In the seminars, students are supposed to share their special study skills and learning experience on computer science. The seminars will be based on group cooperation, which will surely make the study more interesting and efficient.
研讨会
我们计划定期举办研讨会，并以小组讨论的形式展开。在研讨会上，同学们可以自由地交流自己擅长的技术，分享学习计算机科学的经验和心得。我们坚信，这种形式能让同学们的学习更加高效，并享受到学习过程中的乐趣。
Workshop
We plan to hold some workshops as a kind of regular activity. Each time, a student will volunteer to be the lecturer and share some knowledge about computer science. Then, all the participants are supposed to solve some related problems together and apply them into practical development.
工作坊
我们计划举办一系列的工作坊。每次活动将由一名同学自愿担任演讲者，介绍自己熟悉的计算机科学技术。所有参与者将一同讨论并解决相关的技术问题，合作完成有关项目研究，同时希望能将所学的新技术运用到实际开发中。
Competition
We are going to reach a cooperative relationship with the Academic Department of Student Union and hold the University Computer Competitions with their help. Through selections, we will invite those outstanding students to take part in higher levels of competitions.
竞赛
我们将与学校学生会学术部达成合作，共同举办学校的计算机科学竞赛。通过校内竞赛的选拔，我们诚挚地邀请在比赛中脱颖而出的同学代表学校参加更高层次的学术竞赛,为学校在计算机科学领域的比赛中取得优异成绩。
7. 指导教师
    Teaching Faculty
We’re honored to introduce our prestigious professors to you.
教师团队
我们很荣幸地为大家介绍协会的指导教师。
8. 合作方
    Partnership
We want to show our sincere gratitude to our partners.
合作组织
特别鸣谢我们的合作伙伴。
9. 栏目介绍
Upcoming Events
Discover what is going to happen.
活动预告
了解将要举办的精彩活动。
Review
Experience the exciting moments with us again.
往期回顾
与我们一同回味那些精彩时光。
Announcement
Learn more about the latest news about C@C.
公告栏
了解计算机协会的重要新闻。
About the Events
Come and discover where you can prove yourself.
赛事信息
关注、了解最新的赛程及赛事报道。


   
